quizapp_project/README.md, before:

# Created Assignment 
Quiz app with feature created

# SplashScreen Added
Added splash screen with name reg#

![Screenshot (29)](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/79256743/115293974-71598280-a171-11eb-97d4-4a10a01483d7.png)


# HomeScreen Added
Added Home Screen with two button True/False and Multiple Choice Question

![Screenshot (24)](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/79256743/115224304-236b5d00-a126-11eb-9b5f-0e32e9c4e279.png)

# Added Icon 
Added icon in AppBar HomeScreen --> home.dart page

![Screenshot (31)](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/79256743/115383651-8a087d80-a1ef-11eb-97a0-30af2c7696e4.png)


# Multiple Choice Questions Page Added
 timer 60 second for each question

![Screenshot (34)](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/79256743/115397559-aca29280-a1ff-11eb-84e1-5cddfbb6031b.png)
![Screenshot (35)](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/79256743/115397587-b1ffdd00-a1ff-11eb-90f3-9103d940d00c.png)


# Result Page Added 
Show result and continue button

![Screenshot (36)](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/79256743/115397761-e2e01200-a1ff-11eb-8508-8e27f22874f9.png)

# Result Page Updated
Show result and Play Again and End Quiz Buttons
also added True/False Question Page Compatibility with result page

![Screenshot (41)](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/79256743/115527065-22633880-a2aa-11eb-83d4-bf323c9b6019.png)

# True/False Questions Page Added
timer 30 second for each question and added End Quiz button during Quiz..

![Screenshot (40)](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/79256743/115527187-44f55180-a2aa-11eb-9f1f-1d7c4f6992fe.png)
![Screenshot (39)](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/79256743/115527205-49ba0580-a2aa-11eb-87bd-3a8a00e5b2d2.png)

# Multiple Choice Questions Page Update
 added End Quiz Button During Quiz
 
 ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/79256743/115527630-ac130600-a2aa-11eb-8799-3e3500f203ae.png)

Commit message:

go to home button for every page
go to home button for every page

quizapp_project/README.md, after:

# Created Assignment 
Quiz app with feature created

# SplashScreen Added
Added splash screen with name reg#

![Screenshot (29)](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/79256743/115293974-71598280-a171-11eb-97d4-4a10a01483d7.png)


# HomeScreen Added
Added Home Screen with two button True/False and Multiple Choice Question

![Screenshot (24)](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/79256743/115224304-236b5d00-a126-11eb-9b5f-0e32e9c4e279.png)

# Added Icon 
Added icon in AppBar HomeScreen --> home.dart page

![Screenshot (31)](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/79256743/115383651-8a087d80-a1ef-11eb-97a0-30af2c7696e4.png)


# Multiple Choice Questions Page Added
 timer 60 second for each question

![Screenshot (34)](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/79256743/115397559-aca29280-a1ff-11eb-84e1-5cddfbb6031b.png)
![Screenshot (35)](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/79256743/115397587-b1ffdd00-a1ff-11eb-90f3-9103d940d00c.png)


# Result Page Added 
Show result and continue button

![Screenshot (36)](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/79256743/115397761-e2e01200-a1ff-11eb-8508-8e27f22874f9.png)

# Result Page Updated
Show result and Play Again and End Quiz Buttons
also added True/False Question Page Compatibility with result page

![Screenshot (41)](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/79256743/115527065-22633880-a2aa-11eb-83d4-bf323c9b6019.png)

# True/False Questions Page Added
timer 30 second for each question and added End Quiz button during Quiz..

![Screenshot (40)](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/79256743/115527187-44f55180-a2aa-11eb-9f1f-1d7c4f6992fe.png)
![Screenshot (39)](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/79256743/115527205-49ba0580-a2aa-11eb-87bd-3a8a00e5b2d2.png)

# Multiple Choice Questions Page Update
 added End Quiz Button During Quiz
 
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/79256743/115527630-ac130600-a2aa-11eb-8799-3e3500f203ae.png)

# Go to Home button for everypage
go to home button in during result and quiz page

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/79256743/115533995-c0f29800-a2b0-11eb-95b6-f657f0940162.png)
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/79256743/115534286-1169f580-a2b1-11eb-8d4b-72345ca5a841.png)
